1. I need to report a car accident. No one   │
│ is injured, but we need police assistance.
   Necesito reportar un accidente de auto. │

2. I'm at the intersection of Main Street    │
│ and 5th Avenue, near the gas station.
   Estoy en la intersección de Main Street │

3. We need to exchange insurance             │
│ information. Can I see your license and insurance       │
│ card?
   Necesitamos intercambiar información de │

4. I need to take photos for my insurance    │
│ company. This is standard procedure.
   Necesito tomar fotos para mi compañía   │

5. I was involved in an accident while       │
│ making a delivery. I've already contacted the police    │
│ and need to file an incident report.
   Estuve involucrado en un accidente      │

6. My car is making a strange noise and I    │
│ don't think it's safe to drive. I need to cancel this   │
│ delivery.
   Mi carro está haciendo un ruido extraño │

7. I have a flat tire and I'm pulled over    │
│ on the side of the road. I need roadside assistance.
   Tengo una llanta ponchada y estoy       │

8. My car won't start. I think the battery   │
│ is dead. Can you send someone to jump-start it?
   Mi carro no arranca. Creo que la        │

9. I scraped my car against a pole in the    │
│ parking lot. There's minor damage but the car is still  │
│ drivable.
   Raspé mi carro contra un poste en el    │

10. My vehicle needs repairs and won't be     │
│ available for work for the next two days. When can I    │
│ resume deliveries?
   Mi vehículo necesita reparaciones y no  │

11. I don't feel safe completing this         │
│ delivery. The customer is being aggressive and I need   │
│ to leave.
   No me siento seguro completando esta    │

12. I understand you're upset, but I need     │
│ you to speak to me respectfully. Otherwise, I'll have   │
│ to contact support.
   Entiendo que estás molesto, pero        │

13. The customer appears to be intoxicated    │
│ and I'm concerned about completing this delivery        │
│ safely.
   El cliente parece estar intoxicado y    │

14. The customer made me uncomfortable with   │
│ inappropriate comments. I completed the delivery but    │
│ want to report this incident.
   El cliente me hizo sentir incómodo con  │

15. I'm not comfortable entering the           │
│ property. I can leave the delivery at the door or in    │
│ the lobby.
   No me siento cómodo entrando a la       │

16. The weather conditions are too dangerous  │
│ to drive safely. There's heavy rain and flooding on     │
│ the roads.
   Las condiciones climáticas son          │

17. I don't feel safe in this neighborhood.   │
│ I've seen suspicious activity and would like to cancel  │
│ this delivery.
   No me siento seguro en este vecindario. │

18. There's an aggressive dog on the          │
│ property and I cannot safely approach the door. Can     │
│ you contact the customer?
   Hay un perro agresivo en la propiedad y │

19. The walkway to the door is unsafe. There  │
│ are broken steps and no lighting. I'm worried about     │
│ falling.
   El camino a la puerta no es seguro. Hay │

20. I cannot access the building. The gate    │
│ is locked and there's no call box. How should I         │
│ proceed?
   No puedo acceder al edificio. El        │

